Update README.md (#625)
meeb/tubesync: README.md

      - PGID=1000
```

> [!IMPORTANT]  

> > If the `/downloads` directory is mounted to a [Samba volume](https://docs.docker.com/engine/storage/volumes/#create-cifssamba-volumes), make sure to suppy the `UID` and `GID` parameters in the driver options. These have to be the same as the `PUID` and `PGID`, which were specified as environment variables. This prevents issues when executing file actions (like writing metadata). [See this issue for details](https://github.com/meeb/tubesync/issues/616#issuecomment-2593458282)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the `/downloads` directory is mounted to a [Samba volume](https://docs.docker.com/engine/storage/volumes/#create-cifssamba-volumes), be sure to also supply the `uid` and `gid` mount parameters in the driver options. These have to be matched to the `PUID` and `PGID`, which were specified as environment variables. This prevents issues when executing file actions (like writing metadata). [See this issue for details](https://github.com/meeb/tubesync/issues/616#issuecomment-2593458282)
```

```

> [!IMPORTANT]  

> > If the `/downloads` directory is mounted to a [Samba volume](https://docs.docker.com/engine/storage/volumes/#create-cifssamba-volumes), make sure to suppy the `UID` and `GID` parameters in the driver options. These have to be the same as the `PUID` and `PGID`, which were specified as environment variables. This prevents issues when executing file actions (like writing metadata). [See this issue for details](https://github.com/meeb/tubesync/issues/616#issuecomment-2593458282)

Reviewer: `supply`
